Fix some docs, remove outdated `accpetance-test` doc mentions and file (#33389)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/connector-development/testing-connectors/connector-acceptance-tests-reference.md

Please use this as an example. This is not optimized.

Build your image:

```bash
docker build . -t airbyte/source-example-python:dev
```

And test via one of the two following Options

### (Prefered) Option 1: Run against the production acceptance test image
### Option 1 (Preferred): Run against the Airbyte CI test suite

From the root of your connector run:
```bash
./acceptance-test-docker.sh

> ```

Author: 🪓

> Learn how to use and install [`airbyte-ci` here](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/blob/master/airbyte-ci/connectors/pipelines/README.md). The `connectors test` command will run unit, integration, and acceptance tests against your connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to use and install [`airbyte-ci` here](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/blob/master/airbyte-ci/connectors/pipelines/README.md). Once installed, `airbyte-ci connectors test` command will run unit, integration, and acceptance tests against your connector. Pass `--name <your_connector_name>` to test just one connector.
```
